[Music]
[Applause]
I guess 20-year old sweatshirts that's
my mom
[Applause]
place applaud again stretch good with
fried chicken nice there's like a band
or there they got the best chicken on
the land it's the ranch that really
stands out ranch chicken different fries
on the ranch sits all the things talk to
people is this you vlogging yeah no but
that mac and cheese so low that we
probably shouldn't have gotten this six
now we're probably gonna eat like two of
these last day in detox no Dallas as a
difficult Ellison we actually live in
the burbs
in the suburb so I used to actually to
develop a lot in high school you have
the hang a lot of great coffee shops
restaurants apartment complexes bag at
the hizzle every time I visit Texas the
moment I step off the plane my nose and
my eyes and just I start sneezing and
all the things and why is because this
this is my backyard and this is what
Texas is for me it's a lot of just green
trees and allergies I'm actually about
to hop on a plane head back to New York
City I am all kinds of stoked because
going back to the city means I'm moving
into my new apartment she like has been
a long time coming and my living
situation has been the root of a ton of
stress the past three months
but Texas I always loved this venue
because of the fan bands the fam of him
I love my family man so look it's the
kitties if any
I mean John I John Sonntag actually what
did you guys find in our backyard yeah
like last week we found two buckets two
vodka was that the same day one time and
then like an hour later another one came
father I need your advice on a subject
papa peach I never thought I would say
this I think it's time to either build
or just buy a PC well I was coming to
you father for advice on a PC but then I
come over here and it's just Apple
galore okay that's a good start talking
why I come to my father and this time of
need is because Popovich worked for
Microsoft for 25 years he worked for
Microsoft but we've always been an Apple
family pretty much we've had iPhones
we've had iPads obviously as you just
saw but he's in the know how he knows
the PC world I have no idea
oh my gosh hold on he's ready he knows
what's up hey guys remember remember hey
BJ you might say Sarah what led you to
this realization you're pretty much in
the Apple ecosystem I'm trying to edit
my cube of footage I shut everything in
Cuba and 4k yes I want to make a
documentary out of my cube of stuff but
I shot a lot of stuff so I want to put
out a vlog for you guys it has been
impossible intermarry you can do the
proxy workflow where you make proxies
but just that is taking a very long time
to most likely I will be getting a new
MacBook soon because right now I am
working off my 2012 MacBook with 16 gigs
ram and kind of the old i7 chip but I
need something now that can just turn
through these huge projects
have alright people are shooting 4k
right now I want to put out 4k stuff but
I just can't look like current computer
situation right now I don't know if I
want to drop all of the money's on a new
whole Apple computer setup what do I
need
do I need to build or do I need to buy
you you should all just fine unless it
you know you're a hobby for you to build
it may be a little frustrating all right
you can get it just from gaming change a
Dell gaming machine yes I call it ISA
hey Leon where hey Lisa
we're here they look insane whoa Gary
man video piracy that's the thing video
card and some more RAM right any more
RAM bikini TX you cynical on the point
of getting a PC is to get power for not
a Mac price long story short it's gonna
take some research and thought in terms
of what I should upgrade because I do
want the new MacBook what I've heard is
that even on that you can't really edit
4k
[Music]
yah
yes I may have hotel right now you
probably are wondering why the hotel you
live in New York City
well I'm in between apartments right now
I go and grab the key to my new
apartment
tomorrow I felt to move all of my stuff
out of my old apartment but the day
before I left I was cleaning out and
stuff and I just found some mouse to the
places that were really disturbing I
can't just bring myself to sleep there
one more night
hence the hotel it is not 1 a.m. I need
to go to bed but guess what
I was checking in and the hotel was like
would you like a cookie and it's warm
ok well not know I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning a lot of stuff to do
and I miss my family already what hard
thing bison speciality I don't like
saying bye to my mom to New York
[Music]
- Negus have very little sweet husband's
had a pack of my old apartment I am in
my new apartment right now - echo weenus
we have furniture internet from waiting
to movers really tired so what kind of
running jokes is my old apartment like
oh there was not apartment tour coming
and I was never fully satisfied with
what that apartment was and then I
encounter a lot of problems and honestly
for the past three or four month it just
hasn't felt like home I never got around
your apartment tour but today I am going
to do the worst nearer to the apartment
tour ever
because I'm going to show you my goals
in my new apartment completely empty but
hopefully I'll get my furniture done
tonight so you walk into the new digs
directly to the left and they Club it
pay decent-sized closet turn to the
right a bathroom a very clean bathrooms
the kitchen this is a studio apartment
so this is this is it but my favorite
part is how it opens up to a higher
ceiling once you get into this main
space really opens it up I have another
closet right there
I have this space whatever it is Space 1
space to air in heat which is huge in
these big windows which I love so yeah
this is it
it's not a lot but it's mine honestly
I'm super excited
setting up spaces is one of my favorite
things ever we get guys are here here we
are all stuff is here the movers were so
nice they're actually coming to my
hustle and why party this okay
newsflash I'm having another created a
contra neural networking party and this
is something and it's so close and I
will announce the winners of the free
meal top and Wine Competition all right
so the worst New York City apartment
tour ever continuous and this round is
the old apartment that I have lived in
for the past year normally this moment
would be sentimental I would say some
nice things but boy and girl up hop to
leave just from the packing and moving
I've been doing over the past couple of
days I just keep uncovering more mouse
poop I just thought about that life and
those stairs that I just walked up last
time I'm going to be walking up stairs
because I got out there's no elevator
alright so here we go y'all didn't get a
tour when I had stuff in it you're going
to get a tour now you walk into the
front door it opens like this wow that's
kind of stupid walk through the front
door immediately enter into the kitchen
this is my kitchen this is where I hung
my gooster boards this is my previous
bathroom I do love the way the light
hits this apartment that is one thing
that immediately caught my attention we
walk into the main room here this is the
living area not bringing that couch not
bringing the plant by Pearson smell
struggling some more - top of the mouth
y'all know y'all know walk into here my
bedrooms again the light is beautiful
the way it comes into my
apartment and these shades were my
favorite you just pull them down and
they're basically flat but they're held
together by like magnets so all you have
to do is you push them on up oh I got
like instead best and Beyond or
something so this is my cozy bedroom
getting a new mattress because this
thing is freaking hard as a rock and
this was my closet who's a decent decent
sized closet because they did travel a
lot last year I feel like I never really
got to make this feel like my home
something was always a little bit off
but I think this apartment ice moves in
to have the ability to become homey
quicker anyway I feel like this is kind
of a small big moment is the new chapter
in my life and I'm excited for and I'm
excited to the future and you know baby
I'm excited for this year in June a lot
of you think okay Sarah yes you got to
make a living the same time
let's get super creative do whatever the
heck we want we'll take over in Japan
extreme sour patch catching one Kulu no
three come true honestly things are
still kind of hectic without rounding
the corner around the corner I'm feeling
better and feeling good are you feeling
again I'm feeling good
just imagine what's going to be like
when I don't have to worry about all the
stuff she likes been on my mind for so
long months and months and months
there's always for tuning in today let
me know if you like this video subscribe
button down below bringin videos every
single week no no we do stay peachy okay
[Music]